applications: nrf_desktop: Update release notes (#10319)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * An application log indicating that the value of a configuration option has been updated in the :ref:`nrf_desktop_motion`.
  * Application-specific Kconfig options :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_LOG <config_desktop_app_options>` and :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SHELL <config_desktop_app_options>` to simplify the debug configurations for the Logging and Shell subsystems.
    See the debug configuration section of the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application for more details.

>   * Application-specific Kconfig options that define common HID device identification values (product name, manufacturer name, Vendor ID and Product ID).
>     The identification values are used both by USB and Bluetooth LE GATT Device Information Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The application-specific Kconfig options that define common HID device identification values (product name, manufacturer name, Vendor ID and Product ID).
    The identification values are used both by USB and the Bluetooth LE GATT Device Information Service.
```

>     See the :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_device_identifiers` documentation section for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See the :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_device_identifiers` documentation for details.
```

  * The :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DONGLE_PEER_ID_INFO <config_desktop_app_options>` configuration option.
    It can be used to indicate the dongle peer identity with a dedicated event.
  * Synchronization between the Resolvable Private Address (RPA) rotation and the advertising data update in the Fast Pair configurations using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_ADV_ROTATE_RPA` option.

>   * Application-specific Kconfig options that can be used to enable :ref:`lib_caf` modules and automatically tailor the default configuration to nRF Desktop use-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The application-specific Kconfig options that can be used to enable the :ref:`lib_caf` modules and to automatically tailor the default configuration to the nRF Desktop use-case.
```

>     Each used Common Application Framework module is handled by a corresponding application-specific option with modified prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Each used Common Application Framework module is handled by a corresponding application-specific option with a modified prefix.
```

>     For example :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SETTINGS_LOADER <config_desktop_app_options>` is used to automatically enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_SETTINGS_LOADER` and align the default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_SETTINGS_LOADER <config_desktop_app_options>` is used to automatically enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_SETTINGS_LOADER` Kconfig option and to align the default configuration.
```

>   * Prompts to Kconfig options that enable :ref:`nrf_desktop_hids`, :ref:`nrf_desktop_bas` and :ref:`nrf_desktop_dev_descr`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Prompts to Kconfig options that enable :ref:`nrf_desktop_hids`, :ref:`nrf_desktop_bas`, and :ref:`nrf_desktop_dev_descr`.
```

>     An application-specific option (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BT_PERIPHERAL <config_desktop_app_options>`) implies Kconfig options enabling the mentioned modules together with other features that are needed for the Bluetooth HID peripheral role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An application-specific option (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BT_PERIPHERAL <config_desktop_app_options>`) implies the Kconfig options that enable the mentioned modules together with other features that are needed for the Bluetooth HID peripheral role.
```

>     The option is enabled by default if nRF Desktop Bluetooth support (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BT <config_desktop_app_options>`) is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The option is enabled by default if the nRF Desktop Bluetooth support (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BT <config_desktop_app_options>`) is enabled.
```

    * Set the max compiled-in log level to ``warning`` for the Non-Volatile Storage (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS_LOG_LEVEL`).
    * Lowered a log level to ``debug`` for the ``Identity x created`` log in the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_bond`.

  * The default values of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_GATT_CHRC_POOL_SIZE` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_GATT_UUID16_POOL_SIZE` Kconfig options are tailored to the nRF Desktop application requirements.
  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_fast_pair_app` to remove the Fast Pair advertising payload for the dongle peer.

>   * Default values of Bluetooth device name (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`) and Bluetooth device appearance (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_APPEARANCE`) are set relying respectively on nRF Desktop product name or nRF Desktop device role and type combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Set the default values of Bluetooth device name (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_NAME`) and Bluetooth device appearance (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_APPEARANCE`) to rely on the nRF Desktop product name or the nRF Desktop device role and type combination.
```

Reviewer 2: Since, this is an updated section, we could remove "set" and start with The default values... are set to rely

>   * By default, nRF Desktop dongles use the Bluetooth appearance (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_APPEARANCE)` of keyboard.
>     The new default configuration value improves consistency with the used HID boot interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The new default configuration value to improve the consistency with the used HID boot interface.
  By default, nRF Desktop dongles use the Bluetooth appearance (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DEVICE_APPEARANCE)` of keyboard.
    
```

>   * Disabled USB remote wakeup (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_DEVICE_REMOTE_WAKEUP`) in MCUboot bootloader configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * USB remote wakeup (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_DEVICE_REMOTE_WAKEUP`) is disabled in MCUboot bootloader configurations.
```

    The functionality is not used by the bootloader.
  * :ref:`nrf_desktop_hids` registers the GATT HID Service before Bluetooth LE is enabled.

>     This is done to avoid submitting works related to Service Changed indication and GATT database hash calculation before system settings are loaded from non-volatile memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is done to avoid submitting works related to Service Changed indication and GATT database hash calculation before the system settings are loaded from non-volatile memory.
```

  * Simplified configuration of application modules.

>     The modules automatically enable required libraries and align the related default configuration with the application use-case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The modules automatically enable required libraries and align the related default configuration with the application use case.
```

    Configuration of the following application modules was simplified:

    * :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_forward`
    * :ref:`nrf_desktop_hids`
    * :ref:`nrf_desktop_watchdog`

>     See documentation pages of the mentioned modules and their Kconfig configuration files for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    See documentation of the mentioned modules and their Kconfig configuration files for details.
```
